I have a plan! I have a plan!
Cease your yammering and relieve us
from this irksome confinement.
Yeah, I'll have to agree with
the walking thesaurus on that one.
Do not ever call me a thesaurus.
It's just a metaphor, dude.
His people are completely literal.
Metaphors are gonna go over his head.
Nothing goes over my head.
My reflexes are too fast.
I would catch it.
You're Drax.
The Destroyer.
Ronan murdered my wife, Ovette,
and my daughter, Kamaria.
He killed my family.
I shall kill one of his in return.
Ah!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Hey!
If killing Ronan is truly
your sole purpose,
I don't think this is
the best way to go about it.
We need all available guards
in full combat gear...
Spare me your foul gaze, woman!
Why is this one here?
We promised him he could stay
by your side until he kills your boss.
What's this crap?
This is the history of my life.
At last!
I shall meet my foe and destroy him.
You called Ronan?
I don't recall killing your family.
I doubt
I'll remember killing you, either.
Come on, Groot. Ronan has the stone.
I am Groot.
Save them? How?
Finger to the throat means death.
Metaphor.
Yeah, sorta.
Of course, Ronan was only a puppet.
It's really Thanos I need to kill.
Showtime, A-holes!
The beast's hide is too thick
to be pierced from the outside.
I must cut through it from the inside.
Huh? No!
Yes! I have single-handedly...
vanquished the beast!
Die, spaceship!
Someone destroyed all our ships!
Those pools remind me of a time...
when I took my daughter
to the Forgotten Lakes of my homeworld.
She was like you.
Disgusting?
Innocent.
All any of you do is yell at each other.
You are not friends.
You're right. We're family.
We leave no one behind.
Except maybe you.
Oh, my God.
How the hell
is this dude still alive?
He is not a dude. You're a dude.
This... This is a man.
A handsome, muscular man.
I'm muscular.
It's like a pirate had a baby
with an angel.
The entire time I knew Thanos,
he only ever had one goal.
To bring balance to the universe
by wiping out half of all life.
He used to kill people
planet by planet, massacre by massacre.
Including my own.
Today he pays for the deaths
of my wife and daughter.
Thanos!
I want you all to know that I am grateful
for your acceptance after my blunders.
It is pleasing to once again
have friends.
Dude. How long have you been
standing there?
An hour.
An hour?
Are you serious?
I have mastered the ability
of standing so incredibly still...
that I become invisible to the eye.
Watch.
You're eating a zarg-nut.
But my movement... was so slow...